10-0 baby!   Cheesehead for life!   
LIV on Sundays!
It's wayyy too hot out here man...Take Care in stores NOW!!!!!! YOLO!
Kool.- Tunerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr http://t.co/Obk4zPwu via @youtube
Pat Summitt is an amazing woman. Her will is greatly admired and respected. Fight. Live. Win.
In Orlando having a ball!  D12 foundation. Afterparty time!!!!! Wooooooooooooh!
Today I remember and salute the brave veterans that have fought for our nation,and assured our freedom.
8-0
What happened to good ol football?!!
I hate these new rules man!
Go Tigers!!!!
I remember this day a year ago...
God blessed.
Just left an Odd Future show...fuggin bananaz!! Shout out Taco & Brad for the luv...titi boi in KOD tonight!
Happy holidays http://t.co/k2AiM6yw
F%#king awesome!!!!!
Totally did not know that Rangers MGR Ron Washington was from New Orleans....!.....Go Rangers.
Women are the most beautiful yet difficult beings known to man. Confused...
Dam fee...
Hall of Fame.
Surround yourself with love, not friends...
Stuuuuuuuuudiooooooooooooo!!!!!
This Nigga Luke trippin!!! I ain't feelin khaled rite now neither
Most thankful for my family and friends. Eat up! Pause.
Go Packers! & no, I'm not married silly! 
Oh yea,& Go Packers!
11-0
Headed to Fiji,Australia,then S. Africa...on tour with Slim Shady...a blessing...thx to those who supported C4! 2x platinum! Love y'all.
Sweetheart dont u know that when u lose me, u lose yourself? I'll be loyal before I lie and honored before I'm dishonest.  - tunechi
I just landed a f#%k'n boardslide 270 out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aussie Aussie Aussie Oi Oi f#%k'n Oi!!
Melbourne was fuggin awesome! Was at the Globe mini ramp and danny just landed a bakside 180 kik flip to disaster! Fuggin sesh is ova!!
Happy bday to my nigga Donald Carrie whereva u @ fool. No homo but I miss yo b!tch azz nigga! I hope u good! & Miriam and Yancy as well.luv
Happy bday to my nigga Donald Carrie whereva u @ fool. No homo but I miss yo b!tch azz nigga! I hope u good! & Miriam and Yancy as well.luv
They say "Happy Christmas" out here.
Sydney was absolutely nutttzzz!!! Pause.  This tour is by far the dopest shit to ever kum out an azz hole slime! Happy bday B doll.
On the way to Africa
So I spent a night at the Taj resort on Maldives island!  Too dope!  Definitely going bak. But Africa here I kum!!!! Much luv to Em!
12-0!!!! Happy bday Shmev Pev we love ya. On an island in Maldives rite na...! Sexy but lonely!! Great
Just fin shred'n GenX park in Cape Town S. Africa! We all got the skars to prove it! 5boro b#t€h!!!!!
Cape town was the best show in years! Missing my 4 munchkins tho.
Just sk8'd Son skate park in Cape Town...didn't really land sh!t but I still got to sk8 w/my homies Stevie Will & M&M!DGK5boro!
Just left Revolution sk8 park and we tore dat ho up! I landed everything I tried and danny n adam n MnM went hamburgerZ!dgk5boro
In S. Africa w/ my homies,makin $, sk8'n, performing my azz off,& I get 2 make luv 2 the most beautiful woman! Mylifemylifemylifemylife.YOLO
Just literally merk'd Johannesburg!! Man dey luv a nigga out here forreal. I may have found a new home! Drizzy party!!ymcmb5borodgk
Jus fin shreddin wit p.rod,stevie will,torey pud,taco,summa da homies,and a kouple lil yung homies from Bompton...fuk u jus fin doin?!TRUKit
I'm in LA! Just merk'd the stage now I'm rokkin a little tommy Trukfit t shirt,headed to the sk8park with my niggaz and it's all good! YM
@MarleyGblood all day everyday lil bro
Oh yea and pls vote for my lil bro @LilTwist for MTV BREAKTHRU MC OF THE YEAR! http://t.co/8Qs9HgCs we'd really appreciate that,thx... YMCMB
13-0 CHEESEHEADZ!
im still in S.Africa and the show last night was one of if not the best show ever. and i have another show there 2nite! YM
